---
sidebar_label: 'Exercise 5'
---

# RSJ Exercise 5

## Exercsie 5: Look For Report in RSJ Output Job

## Objective

Create your first Find Report Job.

## Summary

Create a job that will search for a report that is generated by a Batch File that is run via RSJ. The batch output that is being searched is located in ```opcon_reports``` directory.

## Instructions

#### Create Properties

1. In the **Library** > **Administration**, select **Global Properties**.
2. Click the **Add** button.
  * In the **Name** field, enter ```PATH_UNIX_MSGIN```.
  * In the **Value** field, enter ```/usr/local/lsam/MSGIN```.
  * Add this **Documentation** to the Global Property
    * _Example: This property is used to supply the path to the MSGIN directoy on the UNIX host._
  * Click the **Save** button.
3. Click the **Add** button.
  * In the **Name** field, enter ```USER_SEQ_Jobs```.
  * In the **Value** field, enter ```ocadm```.
  * Add this **Documentation** to the Global Property
    * _Example: This property is used to supply the username for events that are submitted via the LookForReport jobs._
  * Click the **Save** button.
4. Click the **Add** button.
  * In the **Name** field, enter ```PWD_SEQ_Jobs```.
  * In the **Value** field, enter ```opconxps```.
  * Add this **Documentation** to the Global Property
    * _Example: This property is used to supply the password for events that are submitted via the LookForReport jobs._
  * Check the **Encryption** check box.
  * Click the **Save** button.
5. Close **Library**.

#### Locate the Schdedule

6. In **Studio**, select **Multi-Threaded RSJ Schedule**.
7. Click **View**.

#### Define the LookFor job

8. In the side panel on the right, select **Add Job**.
9. On the **Master Job Definition** screen,
  * In the **Name** field, enter ```SEQ BATCHJOB.1 REPORT```.
  * In the **Job Type** drop down, select **UNIX**.
  * In the **Machine** drop down, select **SYMITAR**.
  * In the **Job Sub-Type** section, click the blue **Edit** button.
  * In the **Job Sub-Type** pop-up window, select **Episys: Find Report from RSJ Output**
    * In the **RSJ Path** field, verify that **[[RSJPATH]]** is showing.
    * In the **SYM Number** field, enter ```[[SI.SYM]]```.
    * In the **Episys Job** field, enter ```BATCHJOB.1```.
    * In the **Report Name** field, enter ```"BATCHJOB.1 REPORT"```
    * In the **Property Name** field, enter ```"SEQ_BATCHJOB.1 REPORT"```
    * In the **MSGIN Directory** field, enter ```[[PATH_UNIXMSGIN]]```.
    * In the **OpCon User ID** field, enter ```[[USER_SEQ_Jobs]]```.
    * In the **External Event Password** field, enter ```[[PWD_SEQ_Jobs]]```.
      * _NOTE: It will show as a masked value._
  * In the **User ID** drop down, select **0/0**
  * Click **Save**.
10. Click the **Lock** icon to enter **Admin Mode**.
11. In the **Documentation** section, add some documentation.
12. In the **Frequency** section, add the **Example Mon-Sun-O** Frequency.
13. In the **Job Dependency** section,
  * Click the green **+** button.
  * In the **Job** field, select **RSJ BATCHJOB.1**.
  * Click **Save**.
14. Click **Save**.
15. Click **Back**.
16. Close **Studio** and **Library**.